[Music]
you don't wanna disturb me when I'm in a
zone is a party they never do
Casey s on the camera if you want to
hate or start over bury you
you say I speak on the side of my mouth
call it stroke of genius jobs
I am Blizzard yo don't let me offer a
new bars are my draw for the ones that
are dated on a real I don't want to be
hatin but I can't help them a song to be
baited real penmanship not in Australian
I read for the magnet respect the sugar
than a crash so wife Iranian though hey
cuz I got a song and a playlist no
bragging his toe tag in your slaw we
negate your floors log in as Bob I
really wanna go Jack in transmitter let
me come right at home ha and work on
your own rapping not mine
there were don't clash violins fine and
sink and play piano in time and Kobes
whether it's rapper is crime damaging
guys thinkin worth your while use this
time to observe my smile my flaws I've
ever end in run hey when he see
experiment Timbo chill I'm just gonna
prove am versatile
far from a one-trick pony watch your
tongue jeez forgive me forgot like corny
blizzard the one and only conga starving
awakened every Barbie's amazing kill
every activity to partake in this scenes
behind is earth my chosen haters come
back when you match my stainless but for
now I don't have the patience catch me
in a bloodbath bound that are so called
the via parasitic glaciers because I am
the guy
many MCS don't like what I write don't
need book cause I live my life on a -
were unlucky for the rhymes I subscribe
time after time I've shown of a problem
for my opposition when a trying it deny
I don't need to win battles no more I'll
kill let's use when I don't have a life
don't watch me you're not that I can the
sky I don't see the helicopter when you
cast you're not getting any sponsor yeah
you might win that along battle war any
label everyone yes I'm an interesting
guy that's like wonderful to me like a
teleprompter BAM sweet Papa I ready my
vows been posted already American
rednecks when I try to teach my bars and
I just don't get it
he's like I'm on a faulty phone
because one liners don't get no credit
stop with its Betty what the fuck is an
English accent anyway where was I oh
yeah back to the program have a tea a
suit I will be a grown man I got this
game scaring hence why I have a flow
down difficult Aoife I aim to Goldman
watch out for the eagle I'll show monger
because I feel so ham yo snoop he caters
don't try to convince me you get papers
I should call my spouse over at it
because I have loved kids and I'm losing
patience you'll get pushed so far in the
ground you've been known as a human
crater
you better stop at the Utah Jazz because
mine only heat return you to a lake up
pie my fuckin finished my shirt yeah
it's one more level thing for you at
this moment so yeah it's run through
with it yeah fine I speak typical
torture he's worked at a source of a
cynical offer you manage ride off your
knees bitch anymore
your lyrics are basic even I couldn't
save them if it was me that was spittin
and for you got your bars ambition and
sauce on Christopher and I shaped like a
fortress
really gets our Cosmo hate me for the
lustful force I put into their daughters
I ain't gonna put your spit man if I see
your chick home drama nobody's sayin
like this and she's feel like they're in
a crisis 350 YouTube guys wanna send
care you know who this does good night
is
know you're slow a freestyle cold you're
not your work
fuck that let me bring this back I can
spit off the top of my head
visit
[Applause]
[Music]